What kind of person is Mr. Yun Mo?
Why did Chu Feng say that?
Will be so connected to Mr. Yunmo's
Liu Xiong, they can't tell the difference
Tonight?
Why is it you again?
Look who I brought you
This is Wan
This is a distinguished member of the Calligraphy and Painting Association
Master Qinghe
The status of Master Qinghe is noble
Even my father has to be respectful when he sees it
baggage
I went to a lot of trouble to invite you here
Master Qinghe
Is that Master Qinghe, the calligraphy appraisal expert?
Yes, it's below
Qiu Wan, I talked to Master Qinghe today
You have the original work of Master Yun Mo
Master Qinghe and Master Yunmo have met before
We've had conversations.
Today, I invited him to come and see this painting
Is it true or false?
I always feel that two paintings are exactly the same
There are seven orifices
Master Nanaga
Have you really seen Master Yun Mo?
Then what kind of person is he?
Mr. Mo
It must be Xianfeng Dao Bone
Is it a character that I will never be able to uncover in my life?
Hey, when he stopped in the mountains
I once met him
It was that conversation.
Made me realize
What's the difference between me and him?
And so it did.
People like Mr. Yun Mo
It must be transcendent.
Could you please take a look at the master?
Is this painting by Mr. Yun Mo?
Searching for a high ancient and elegant
The pen is vigorous and powerful
Look, it is indeed the handwriting of Master Yun Mo
How is this possible?